I was able to get to most of the fixes we needed for the site.  
Some things can still be improved and if we have time or the client desires we can 
go back and add more in. 

For example: The Navigation only had drop down options for "Christening". I added some to
"Furniture" and "Bedding". We can always add more if the client requests it. 

I went ahead and got the Allura and Alex Brush fonts and added them to a fonts file.  
You can find the css at the top, notated.  If there are any more fonts the client wants 
we can easy just put them in the file and add them in.

I decided to use the font-awesome library for the icons.  They have a lot of options and 
are easy to implement into the site. We could even think about using social media icons 
instead of the images.  That could save some loading time. 

I set up the code for the slide show and added a second and third slide.  If we need more slides 
in the future we can just add the new slides information into the slideData Obj.  We can 
also add slide animations and a controller later on down the road. 

I added some bootstrap in the footer to format it quickly from desktop to mobile. The 
expanders work on the small screen setting now. You can find the javascript for the onClick 
event in the main.js file. It should also no longer horizontally scroll. 

I added the viewport check in the head of the index file so we should be good on “Mobile” 
devices now. 

I think for future projects we could look into using more bootstrap.  It gives us a lot of easy 
control of the layout.  I wouldn’t use it for the styling but it does make it easy to control 
the layout for different screen sizes.  Bootstrap also does include some built in features 
for sliders and drop down menus.  Could be worth a look at.   If we wanted to get crazy we 
could always use React.js as well.  It would give us better control over the DOM.  Making 
on the fly changes easier to code and implement.  Plus we could make some sections components 
to reuse multiple places.  
